Update readme file to explain the required python2 packages. (#1)
letsdebug/certbot-vultr-dns-auth-hook: README.md

These instructions assume you are on a shell as the `root` user.

> 1. Make sure you have the requirements `python2` and `python2-requests` installed. Obviously, you should also have `certbot` installed. (Note: On Debian systems the '2' is omitted from python2 package names)

Reviewer: I think probably we should not specify the Python version here. Since the hook itself uses the system default Python version,  `python` and `python-requests` would point to the correct version anyway (for EL-based and Debian-based systems).

Maybe:

```suggestion
1. Make sure you have `python` and `python-requests` installed, in addition to Certbot.
```
